README.md, before:

# Yelp App

This app allows you to type in any location and get the first 20 listings from Yelp, including their rating, review count and a link to the coresponding Yelp page of the listing.

## Getting Started

Here is how to get started with the project:

- Clone the repo locally `git clone git@github.com:Valentino30/Yelp_App_React_Typescript.git`
- Open the project in your favorite IDE
- Run the command `yarn` in the project directory to install all dependencies
- Run the command `yarn start` in the project directory to launch the app
- Request access to CORS Anywhere demo server [here](https://cors-anywhere.herokuapp.com/corsdemo)
- You're good to go :)

The app will run in development mode at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) and the page will automatically reload if you make any changes.

## Dependencies

This project was bootstrapped using the following technologies:

- [Create React App Typescript](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/adding-typescript/)
- [Material UI](https://mui.com/getting-started/installation/)
- [Axios](https://axios-http.com/)

## Notes

As this is just a test app, the .env file was not excluded from the repo simply to make it easier for the reviewers to launch and test the application. It is of course known not to be best practice to do so in production-ready applications.

Commit message:

Add .env.example file and update readme

README.md, after:

# Yelp App

This app allows you to type in any location and get the first 20 listings from Yelp, including their rating, review count and a link to the coresponding Yelp page of the listing.

## Getting Started

Here is how to get started with the project:

- Request access to CORS Anywhere demo server [here](https://cors-anywhere.herokuapp.com/corsdemo)
- Get your private API key on [Yelp Developer Portal](https://docs.developer.yelp.com/)
- Add your API key to the .env.example file and rename it as .env
- Clone the repo locally with `git clone git@github.com:Valentino30/Yelp_App_React_Typescript.git`
- Open the project in your favorite IDE (i.e. [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/))
- Run the command `yarn` in the project directory to install all dependencies
- Run the command `yarn start` in the project directory to launch the app
- You're good to go :)

The app will run in development mode at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) and the page will automatically reload if you make any changes.

## Dependencies

This project was bootstrapped using the following technologies:

- [Create React App Typescript](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/adding-typescript/)
- [Material UI](https://mui.com/getting-started/installation/)
- [Axios](https://axios-http.com/)
